monero-wallet-rpc now embedded (#192)
AthanorLabs/atomic-swap: docs/local.md

Execute the `scripts/setup-env.sh` script to launch ganache, an ethereum simulator, and monerod in regtest
mode. "regtest" mode is stand-alone (non-networked) mode of monerod for testing purposes.

#### Build and run

Build binary:
```bash
make build
```

This creates `swapd` and `swapcli` binaries in the root directory.

To run as Alice, execute in terminal 1:
```bash
./swapd --dev-xmrtaker
```

Alice will print out a libp2p node address, for example
`/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/9933/p2p/12D3KooWAAxG7eTEHr2uBVw3BDMxYsxyqfKvj3qqqpRGtTfuzTuH`.
This will be used for Bob to connect. You can either grab this address from the
logs, our you can obtain it with this command:
```bash
./swapcli addresses
```
Pick the localhost address and assign it to a variable. For example (your value will be different):
```bash
BOOT_NODE=/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/9933/p2p/12D3KooWHRi24PVZ6TBnQJHdVyewDRcKFZtYV3qmB4KQo8iMyqik
```
Now get the ethereum contract address that Alice deployed to. This can be pulled from the Alice's logs,
the file ..., or if you have `jq` installed (available via `sudo apt install jq`), you can set a
variable like this:
```bash

> CONTRACT_ADDR=$(jq -r .ContractAddress /tmp/xmrtaker/contract-address.json)

Author: This could be documented with `grep` and `sed`, but it is a little uglier. I suspect most developers have `jq` installed.  I'm using `jq` in `scripts/run-integration-tests.sh` for this same purpose.

```

Now start Bob's swapd instance in terminal 2:
```bash
./swapd --dev-xmrmaker --bootnodes "${BOOT_NODE}" --contract-address "${CONTRACT_ADDR}"
```

Note: when using the `--dev-xmrtaker` and `--dev-xmrmaker` flags, Alice's RPC server runs
on http://localhost:5001 and Bob's runs on http://localhost:5002 by default.

Now, in terminal 3, we will interact with the swap daemon using `swapcli`.

> First we need mine some monero for Bob. Alice already has Ethereum, because she is using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First we need mine some XMR for Bob. Alice already has ETH, because she is using
```
nit :p

a prefunded by ganache address. You can see the balances for Bob with the following
command:
```bash
./swapcli balances --swapd-port 5002
```
Note that Alice is on the default swapd port of 5001, so the `--swapd-port` flag is optional
when interacting with her daemon.

To mine some monero blocks for Bob, you can use our bash shell function shown below:
```bash
source scripts/testlib.sh

> mine-monero-for-swapd 5002

Reviewer: this is really nice!
